README.md, before:

# Project Name: A better Puppers : (Never give up! Never surrender!)

## Project aim

The site's puprose is to provide information on general canine health. Be that physical, mental or social. Through a series of responsive questionaires we evalute dietery needs and optimal excercise duration.
We also provide 'the four keys' which address the most common mistakes involving socialising a dog.
The aim is to help onwers learn through simple changes they can make to their pets everyday life. 
There is a repeated drive for users to visit our social media pages for further engagement. 

What separates the site from others is our 'Pet First' approach. Above all else our goal is wider awaremness of the simple things we can all do to improve our pet's life. 

Our Secondary objective is to grow a community using added value and pulling from external partners to offer a varied range of services to those in need of more than the basic information. 

A live version can be found [here](https:#)

## Project Requirements
1. Dynamic Front End Project: Write custom JS, HTML, and CSS code to create a front-end application of more than one page with significant interactive functionality.
    * Achieved - The site has 5 pages. Index & Socialsation have minor JS, while Excercise and Feeding guide have more substantial interactivity via guides.
2. Site Responses: Use JS to have the site produce relevant responses dependant on users' actions.
     * Achieved - Both the feeding guide and excercise guide respond to user input selections from drop downs, and directly from typed input. 
3. Documentation: Write a README.md file for your project that explains what the project does and the value it provides.
    * Achieved - Overview of project outline in the 'Project aim' section.
4. Write JS code that cycles through data and handles incoreect user entires, and store non-trival code in external sources using all applicale readability standards suchs as indentation and comments where needed. 
 * Achieved - Both guides deploy if/else loops and conditional responses via text messages or class changes depending on user interaction.
5. Design an implement manual testing with screen shots for verification, and fully document the project's start and end/ fully developed journey using a README.md file. 
 * Achieved - VERIFY!
6. Deploy finalised version to GitHub with clearly distinguishable comments where external sources were used. 
 * Achieved - VERIFY!
7. All code must pass code validators such as W3C and Jshint.
    * Achieved - VERIFY!


## UX

#### Strategy & Scope planes
The website is targeted at pet owners in need of advice and initially directs them to the three most commen problems.
* Weight
* Socialsation
* Excercise

The site offers simple first stepos to tackling each issue and offers increased help if needed via social media pages.

The above categories and broekn down further for new or experiance owners, puppy care or second chance warriors adopting their first pet. 

In terms of scope the current site was kept conscise so as not to overwhelm already worried owners. 

## User Experiance 1
### Question: 
"My pet is over weight, even though I'm feeding him exactly what his food says I should."

### Answer: 
"The site provides some simple facts on feeding, and an interactive guide on how much the user's pet's protein needs with a further option to provide food weigh in grams based on the user's current food type."

[Site Response](https:#)

## User Experinace 2
### Question: 
"My dog is overly agressive towards other dogs, regardless of their size, and I'm afarid they'll get hurt, or hurt someone else."

### Answer: 
"The site provides 'the four keys' to help with socialising your pet." The link for socialsation is displayed clearly on the landing page. 

[Site Response](https:#)

## User Experiance 3
### Question: 
"I walk my dog everyday but they still have boundless energy, and when I leave them alone they destroy furniture and anythign else they can get a hold of."

### Answer:
"The site provides information on exercise utilising a list of facts, a snippet of our own experiance and a quick, helpful guide to demonstrate how long a dog should be walked based on some user inputs."

[Site Response](https:#)

### Wireframes
#### The Structure & Skeleton planes
In keeping with the uncomplicated approach agreed upon in our Scope plane, the initial wireframes were created
with consistency in mind so each advancing page's style follows the previous.


* [WireFrame Overview](Assets/Images/wireframes/wireframe.pdf)



## Features
### The Surface Plane
Overall the site is responsive and scales with user screen size. 

The site follows a correlating scheme or colours (Custom Purple #f75ce8, Custom Dark Purple #63055a, Cutsom Red #fcbeb3, and some bootstrap basics like primary, info and success classes ).
These colours are inchanged periodically to avoid visual fatigue. 

### Existing Features
* Header : The header's title 'A Better Puppers' is used for a home link throughout. The other navigations collapse when needed on smaller screens so as not to clutter mobile decives. 
* Index : Presents navigation via four links which entice the eye by utilising bright colours on a white background. The welcome message changes depending on the time of the day.  
* Excercise : Mirroring the pages beyond the index here we display facts for excercise to debunk commonly held beliefs on excercise. It also proivides and interactive guide and a push to social media via footer links.
* Socialsation: Again the site offers some easily disgestible facts for users in need of help. We also intriduce and explore the 'Four keys' via a hideable list activated by user input.
* Feeding Guide: Here we explore some misnomers regarding feeding/ diet and present the user with an expandable guide. Interactive and informative while keeping to our succint ethos. 
* About Us : A willing user can explore the site's creator's own story and reason for being. It comes with images from a personal library as well as redirections back to the site's pages and social medias.
* Outside of  the 'Index and About Us' pages utilise a combination of hide and fadeIn methods in attempt to allow users take in each line of information rather than an entire page at once.
* Footer : Links provided to fictional social medias.

### Features left to implement 
* A large form which encompasses diet, excercise and some socialisation tricks which would take longer to fill out but may yield better user results. 
* An email API to send users guide results, or construct a schedule for users to follow as they implement their newly acquired knowledge.

## Technologies used
* HTML-For basic structure.
* CSS-For styling and required Media Query outside of Bootstrap.
* [JavaScriprt]() 
* [Jquery](https://jquery.com/)
* [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/)-Used in testing HTML and CSS.
* [JsHINT](https://jshint.com)-Used for Java Script validation.
* [GitHub](https://github.com) -For deployment.
* [GitPod](https://www.gitpod.io/) -IDE.
* [Bootstrap (including JQuery)](https://getbootstrap.com) -Utilized for responsiveness via columns, buttons and navbars.
* [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com) -Used for primary font employed throughout. [Lato]('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Lato&display=swap').
* [Visual Studio](https://code.visualstudio.com) -For offline work.
* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)  - For icons.
* Google Chrome's Responsive Viewer found [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/responsive-viewer/inmopeiepgfljkpkidclfgbgbmfcennb)
* [ImageMagick](https://imagemagick.org/index.php) -Used for resizing images after initial Lighthouse test on mobile.
* Google Chrome's lighthouse function.![Lighthouse]

## Testing
### Links
#### Manual Testing
* Header Links
    *  Header links are housed in a BootStrap Nav Collasable Bar on each page.
        *  A Better Puppers (home button) is in-active on the index page only. 
        *  Excercise Guide
        *  Socialsation (The Four Keys)
        *  Feeding Guide
        *  About Us
    * _All links when selected lead to the assigned pages._

* Footer Links
    *  Footer links are house in a Bootstrap Container to ensure correct sizing. Font size is set to zero using media queries so the footer remains neat on small screens.
        *  FaceBook 
        *  Twitter
        *  Instagram
        *  Donate
    * _All links open in a new tab as expected._

* Index Page
    * Contains four internal links mirroring the options available from the navigation bar.
        *  Diet
        *  Excercise
        *  Socialsation
        *  About Us
    * _The links when selected navigates the user to the intended pages._

  
### Guides / Forms
#### Manual Testing
* Guides / Forms are found on both the Excercise Guide page and the Feeding Guide page. 
    * Exercise Guide
        * The Gender, and Neutered inputs are optional, though both create gender based messages when selected.
        * For Example 'Oh who's a good boy !' if male is selected. (Text color changes via Add,Class methods based on gender)
        * A selected Gender also shows a hidden input requesting the pet's name. Once populated the following questions are populated with the inputted name.
        * If a Neutered option is selected it creates two messages (colored again depending on selection)
        * The first appears under the Neutered option. The second appears only once a weight option is selected.
        * The weight input is required for any output in the final line. Upon selection it populates the final output with a custom response based on input in the form of minutes per day.
        * Resseting Gender and Neutered to the 'make selection' options removes generated messages and the name option input box, but does not clear any previously inputted name.
        * Bug: although the name option box is marked for 'text' it is accepting numbers inputted by the user. 
        * The Neutered option also influences the Final output by reducing the minutes needed by 10%. A message further conveys this ot the user. 
    * Feeding Guide
        * As with the excercise guide both Gender and Neutered options are not required for calculations, but both create custom messages, while only gender may influence the final output by 10% up or down.
        * Upon gender selction a new input is shown which requests the pet's name, this input is then used to customise the following questions.
        * The weight option is required for Daily Protein needs output to user.
        * Food bag size, and current protein range, as well as weight, are both required to populate the Final output.
        * populating just bag size, or just protein range, or both will not generate any output. A weight selection is needed. 
        * populating a weight selction, and either bag size OR protein range will not generate a final output. 
    * Given the small number of options on both guides there are no prompts to users to populate all selections. 

### Responsiveness
#### Screen sizes
I used Google Chrome's Responsive Viewer found [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/responsive-viewer/inmopeiepgfljkpkidclfgbgbmfcennb).
The following are exerts from three tests.

##### Test @ 320 x 635
![300*576](Assets/Images/screenshots/300x576.png)

##### Test @ 320 x 635
![320*635](Assets/Images/screenshots/320x635.png)

##### Test @ 1024 x 800
![1024*800](Assets/Images/screenshots/1024x800.png)

### Performance
##### Lighthouse overall results 

| Page    | Performance  | Accessibility  | Best Practise  | Seo |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Index  | 99  | 96  | 100  | 89  |
| Exercise Guide| 99  | 96  | 100  | 89  |
| Socialsation | 93  | 92  | 95  | 93  |
| Feeding Guide | 98  | 96  | 100  | 89  |
| About Us | 96  | 97  | 100  | 90 |

_Note_: Lighthouse proposed other fixes but most were beyond my capability. 

### Validation
Using [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/) both HTML and CSS were checked by direct input. Issues arising were promptly corrected. 
<p>
    <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
        <img style="border:0;width:88px;height:31px"
            src="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/images/vcss"
            alt="Valid CSS!" />
    </a>
</p>
<p>
<a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
    <img style="border:0;width:88px;height:31px"
        src="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/images/vcss-blue"
        alt="Valid CSS!" />
    </a>
</p>

Using [JShint](https://jshint.com)
* First run showed 51 warnings
* Second run showed 46 warnings relating to the use of 'let' to declare variables and the use of template literal's for older versions. The script was not amended to address these, as I wasn't sure how relevant the warnings were.

## Deployment
The project was developed using [GitPod](https://www.gitpod.io/) workspace, committed to git and pushed to [GitHub](https://github.com) using the built in function within Gitpod.
To deploy this page from the [GitHub respository](https://github.com/FirmoDaniel/MS1-HELP-TO-GROW), the following steps were taken.
1. Log in to **GitHub**.
2. From the list of repositories on screen select 'MS1-HELP-TO-GROW'
![Deployment-Repository](screenshots/dep-repo.png)
3. Select **Settings** from the menu.
4. Scroll down to **GitHub Pages**
![Deployment-GitHub-Pages](screenshots/dep-pages.png)
5. Under **Source** click the dropdown menu labelled **none** and select the **Master Branch**.
6. On selecting **Master Branch** the is automatically refreshed, the website is now deployed.
7. A link can be found in the **GitHub pages section**, and also in the about section within **MS1-HELP-TO-GROW**.
![Deployment-About](screenshots/dep-about.png)
8. [Link to site](https://firmodaniel.github.io/MS1-HELP-TO-GROW/)

### Cloning
1. Go to GitHub Repository: [Help To Grow](https://firmodaniel.github.io/MS1-HELP-TO-GROW/)
2. Select 'Code' dropdown button (next to green 'gitpod' button).
3. These are your three options ![Clone-Options](screenshots/clone-options.png)

    * Copy the URL to your local IDE such as [Visual Studio](https://code.visualstudio.com).
    * Intsall [GitHub desktop](https://desktop.github.com/).
    * Download the Zip file and use with local IDE such as [Visual Studio](https://code.visualstudio.com).

## Credits
### Content
* Some text was taken from the following sites
    * [link for exercise text](https://jetpetresort.com/blog/dog-care/the-importance-of-exercising-your-dog/#:~:text=Exercising%20keeps%20your%20dog%20healthy,you%20and%20in%20their%20environment.)
    * [Link for Socilaisation text](https://www.reedanimalhospital.com/the-benefits-of-socializing-your-dog/#:~:text=Socializing%20teaches%20your%20dog%20how,both%20you%20and%20your%20dog.)
    * [Link for diet text](https://pets.webmd.com/dogs/guide/diet-nutrition)

### Media
* All images were taken from personal library.

Commit message:

README.md updated deployment and cloning steps.

README.md, after:

# Project Name: A better Puppers : (Never give up! Never surrender!)

## Project aim

The site's puprose is to provide information on general canine health. Be that physical, mental or social. Through a series of responsive questionaires we evalute dietery needs and optimal excercise duration.
We also provide 'the four keys' which address the most common mistakes involving socialising a dog.
The aim is to help onwers learn through simple changes they can make to their pets everyday life. 
There is a repeated drive for users to visit our social media pages for further engagement. 

What separates the site from others is our 'Pet First' approach. Above all else our goal is wider awaremness of the simple things we can all do to improve our pet's life. 

Our Secondary objective is to grow a community using added value and pulling from external partners to offer a varied range of services to those in need of more than the basic information. 

A live version can be found [here](https:#)

## Project Requirements
1. Dynamic Front End Project: Write custom JS, HTML, and CSS code to create a front-end application of more than one page with significant interactive functionality.
    * Achieved - The site has 5 pages. Index & Socialsation have minor JS, while Excercise and Feeding guide have more substantial interactivity via guides.
2. Site Responses: Use JS to have the site produce relevant responses dependant on users' actions.
     * Achieved - Both the feeding guide and excercise guide respond to user input selections from drop downs, and directly from typed input. 
3. Documentation: Write a README.md file for your project that explains what the project does and the value it provides.
    * Achieved - Overview of project outline in the 'Project aim' section.
4. Write JS code that cycles through data and handles incoreect user entires, and store non-trival code in external sources using all applicale readability standards suchs as indentation and comments where needed. 
 * Achieved - Both guides deploy if/else loops and conditional responses via text messages or class changes depending on user interaction.
5. Design an implement manual testing with screen shots for verification, and fully document the project's start and end/ fully developed journey using a README.md file. 
 * Achieved - VERIFY!
6. Deploy finalised version to GitHub with clearly distinguishable comments where external sources were used. 
 * Achieved - VERIFY!
7. All code must pass code validators such as W3C and Jshint.
    * Achieved - VERIFY!


## UX

#### Strategy & Scope planes
The website is targeted at pet owners in need of advice and initially directs them to the three most commen problems.
* Weight
* Socialsation
* Excercise

The site offers simple first stepos to tackling each issue and offers increased help if needed via social media pages.

The above categories and broekn down further for new or experiance owners, puppy care or second chance warriors adopting their first pet. 

In terms of scope the current site was kept conscise so as not to overwhelm already worried owners. 

## User Experiance 1
### Question: 
"My pet is over weight, even though I'm feeding him exactly what his food says I should."

### Answer: 
"The site provides some simple facts on feeding, and an interactive guide on how much the user's pet's protein needs with a further option to provide food weigh in grams based on the user's current food type."

[Site Response](https:#)

## User Experinace 2
### Question: 
"My dog is overly agressive towards other dogs, regardless of their size, and I'm afarid they'll get hurt, or hurt someone else."

### Answer: 
"The site provides 'the four keys' to help with socialising your pet." The link for socialsation is displayed clearly on the landing page. 

[Site Response](https:#)

## User Experiance 3
### Question: 
"I walk my dog everyday but they still have boundless energy, and when I leave them alone they destroy furniture and anythign else they can get a hold of."

### Answer:
"The site provides information on exercise utilising a list of facts, a snippet of our own experiance and a quick, helpful guide to demonstrate how long a dog should be walked based on some user inputs."

[Site Response](https:#)

### Wireframes
#### The Structure & Skeleton planes
In keeping with the uncomplicated approach agreed upon in our Scope plane, the initial wireframes were created
with consistency in mind so each advancing page's style follows the previous.


* [WireFrame Overview](Assets/Images/wireframes/wireframe.pdf)



## Features
### The Surface Plane
Overall the site is responsive and scales with user screen size. 

The site follows a correlating scheme or colours (Custom Purple #f75ce8, Custom Dark Purple #63055a, Cutsom Red #fcbeb3, and some bootstrap basics like primary, info and success classes ).
These colours are inchanged periodically to avoid visual fatigue. 

### Existing Features
* Header : The header's title 'A Better Puppers' is used for a home link throughout. The other navigations collapse when needed on smaller screens so as not to clutter mobile decives. 
* Index : Presents navigation via four links which entice the eye by utilising bright colours on a white background. The welcome message changes depending on the time of the day.  
* Excercise : Mirroring the pages beyond the index here we display facts for excercise to debunk commonly held beliefs on excercise. It also proivides and interactive guide and a push to social media via footer links.
* Socialsation: Again the site offers some easily disgestible facts for users in need of help. We also intriduce and explore the 'Four keys' via a hideable list activated by user input.
* Feeding Guide: Here we explore some misnomers regarding feeding/ diet and present the user with an expandable guide. Interactive and informative while keeping to our succint ethos. 
* About Us : A willing user can explore the site's creator's own story and reason for being. It comes with images from a personal library as well as redirections back to the site's pages and social medias.
* Outside of  the 'Index and About Us' pages utilise a combination of hide and fadeIn methods in attempt to allow users take in each line of information rather than an entire page at once.
* Footer : Links provided to fictional social medias.

### Features left to implement 
* A large form which encompasses diet, excercise and some socialisation tricks which would take longer to fill out but may yield better user results. 
* An email API to send users guide results, or construct a schedule for users to follow as they implement their newly acquired knowledge.

## Technologies used
* HTML-For basic structure.
* CSS-For styling and required Media Query outside of Bootstrap.
* [JavaScriprt]() 
* [Jquery](https://jquery.com/)
* [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/)-Used in testing HTML and CSS.
* [JsHINT](https://jshint.com)-Used for Java Script validation.
* [GitHub](https://github.com) -For deployment.
* [GitPod](https://www.gitpod.io/) -IDE.
* [Bootstrap (including JQuery)](https://getbootstrap.com) -Utilized for responsiveness via columns, buttons and navbars.
* [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com) -Used for primary font employed throughout. [Lato]('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Lato&display=swap').
* [Visual Studio](https://code.visualstudio.com) -For offline work.
* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)  - For icons.
* Google Chrome's Responsive Viewer found [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/responsive-viewer/inmopeiepgfljkpkidclfgbgbmfcennb)
* Google Chrome's lighthouse function.

## Testing
### Links
#### Manual Testing
* Header Links
    *  Header links are housed in a BootStrap Nav Collasable Bar on each page.
        *  A Better Puppers (home button) is in-active on the index page only. 
        *  Excercise Guide
        *  Socialsation (The Four Keys)
        *  Feeding Guide
        *  About Us
    * _All links when selected lead to the assigned pages._

* Footer Links
    *  Footer links are house in a Bootstrap Container to ensure correct sizing. Font size is set to zero using media queries so the footer remains neat on small screens.
        *  FaceBook 
        *  Twitter
        *  Instagram
        *  Donate
    * _All links open in a new tab as expected._

* Index Page
    * Contains four internal links mirroring the options available from the navigation bar.
        *  Diet
        *  Excercise
        *  Socialsation
        *  About Us
    * _The links when selected navigates the user to the intended pages._

  
### Guides / Forms
#### Manual Testing
* Guides / Forms are found on both the Excercise Guide page and the Feeding Guide page. 
    * Exercise Guide
        * The Gender, and Neutered inputs are optional, though both create gender based messages when selected.
        * For Example 'Oh who's a good boy !' if male is selected. (Text color changes via Add,Class methods based on gender)
        * A selected Gender also shows a hidden input requesting the pet's name. Once populated the following questions are populated with the inputted name.
        * If a Neutered option is selected it creates two messages (colored again depending on selection)
        * The first appears under the Neutered option. The second appears only once a weight option is selected.
        * The weight input is required for any output in the final line. Upon selection it populates the final output with a custom response based on input in the form of minutes per day.
        * Resseting Gender and Neutered to the 'make selection' options removes generated messages and the name option input box, but does not clear any previously inputted name.
        * Bug: although the name option box is marked for 'text' it is accepting numbers inputted by the user. 
        * The Neutered option also influences the Final output by reducing the minutes needed by 10%. A message further conveys this ot the user. 
    * Feeding Guide
        * As with the excercise guide both Gender and Neutered options are not required for calculations, but both create custom messages, while only gender may influence the final output by 10% up or down.
        * Upon gender selction a new input is shown which requests the pet's name, this input is then used to customise the following questions.
        * The weight option is required for Daily Protein needs output to user.
        * Food bag size, and current protein range, as well as weight, are both required to populate the Final output.
        * populating just bag size, or just protein range, or both will not generate any output. A weight selection is needed. 
        * populating a weight selction, and either bag size OR protein range will not generate a final output. 
    * Given the small number of options on both guides there are no prompts to users to populate all selections. 

### Responsiveness
#### Screen sizes
I used Google Chrome's Responsive Viewer found [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/responsive-viewer/inmopeiepgfljkpkidclfgbgbmfcennb).
The following are exerts from three tests.

##### Test @ 320 x 635
![300*576](Assets/Images/screenshots/300x576.png)

##### Test @ 320 x 635
![320*635](Assets/Images/screenshots/320x635.png)

##### Test @ 1024 x 800
![1024*800](Assets/Images/screenshots/1024x800.png)

### Performance
##### Lighthouse overall results 

| Page    | Performance  | Accessibility  | Best Practise  | Seo |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Index  | 99  | 96  | 100  | 89  |
| Exercise Guide| 99  | 96  | 100  | 89  |
| Socialsation | 93  | 92  | 95  | 93  |
| Feeding Guide | 98  | 96  | 100  | 89  |
| About Us | 96  | 97  | 100  | 90 |

_Note_: Lighthouse proposed other fixes but most were beyond my capability. 

### Validation
Using [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/) both HTML and CSS were checked by direct input. Issues arising were promptly corrected. 
<p>
    <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
        <img style="border:0;width:88px;height:31px"
            src="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/images/vcss"
            alt="Valid CSS!" />
    </a>
</p>
<p>
<a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
    <img style="border:0;width:88px;height:31px"
        src="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/images/vcss-blue"
        alt="Valid CSS!" />
    </a>
</p>

Using [JShint](https://jshint.com)
* First run showed 51 warnings
* Second run showed 46 warnings relating to the use of 'let' to declare variables and the use of template literal's for older versions. The script was not amended to address these, as I wasn't sure how relevant the warnings were.

## Deployment
The project was developed using [GitPod](https://www.gitpod.io/) workspace, committed to git and pushed to [GitHub](https://github.com) using the built in function within Gitpod.
To deploy this page from the [GitHub respository](https://github.com/FirmoDaniel/A-Better-Puppers), the following steps were taken.
1. Log in to **GitHub**.
2. From the list of repositories on screen select 'A-Better-Puppers'.
3. Select **Settings** from the menu.
4. Scroll down to **GitHub Pages**
5. Under **Source** click the dropdown menu labelled **none** and select the **Master Branch**.
6. On selecting **Master Branch** the is automatically refreshed, the website is now deployed.
7. A link can be found in the **GitHub pages section**, and also in the about section within **A-Better-Puppers**.
8. [Link to site](https://firmodaniel.github.io/A-Better-Puppers/)

### Cloning
1. Go to GitHub Repository: [A-Better-Puppers](https://github.com/FirmoDaniel/A-Better-Puppers)
2. Select 'Code' dropdown button (next to green 'gitpod' button).
3. These are your three options **Clone-Options**.

    * Copy the URL to your local IDE such as [Visual Studio](https://code.visualstudio.com).
    * Intsall [GitHub desktop](https://desktop.github.com/).
    * Download the Zip file and use with local IDE such as [Visual Studio](https://code.visualstudio.com).

## Credits
### Content
* Some text was taken from the following sites
    * [link for exercise text](https://jetpetresort.com/blog/dog-care/the-importance-of-exercising-your-dog/#:~:text=Exercising%20keeps%20your%20dog%20healthy,you%20and%20in%20their%20environment.)
    * [Link for Socilaisation text](https://www.reedanimalhospital.com/the-benefits-of-socializing-your-dog/#:~:text=Socializing%20teaches%20your%20dog%20how,both%20you%20and%20your%20dog.)
    * [Link for diet text](https://pets.webmd.com/dogs/guide/diet-nutrition)

### Media
* All images were taken from personal library.
